c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\bin\Debug\Seven-Segment.exe.config
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\bin\Debug\Seven-Segment.exe
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\bin\Debug\Seven-Segment.pdb
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\bin\Debug\Seven-Segment.xml
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven-Segment.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven_Segment.Form1.resources
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven_Segment.Resources.resources
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven-Segment.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven-Segment.exe
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven-Segment.xml
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven-Segment.pdb
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\bin\Debug\Seven-Segment.exe.config
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven-Segment.exe
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven-Segment.xml
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven-Segment.pdb
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\bin\Debug\Seven-Segment.exe
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\bin\Debug\Seven-Segment.pdb
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\bin\Debug\Seven-Segment.xml
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven-Segment.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven_Segment.Form1.resources
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven_Segment.Resources.resources
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Seven-Segment\Seven-Segment\obj\Debug\Seven-Segment.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
